10 x marketing/brochures material

Desktop Factory
Imaging
New desktop PCs and Notebooks are imaged on
site at the factory so vendors deliver ready-to-use
hardware direct to staff. Eliminate the need for IT
teams to unbox, image and rebox hardware.
Fast deployment - HP and DELL desktop PCs and
notebooks will arrive ready to use to the staff who
need to use them.
Significant time savings - Eliminates tedious and
timely hardware imaging management by your IT
team before being distributed to the end user.
Streamline process - Desktop factory imaging
is integrated with your established ordering
procedures.
Government ready – Vendor engagement,
procurement and legislative requirements are built
into the service.
Find out more
Contact your Account
Manager or our
Business Development
Manager
Service Offer
This service is offered
as a levy against the
existing desktop PC
and notebook fleet.
Features
Desktop factory
imaging reimagines
hardware distribution.
This exciting new
service dispels the
double distribution
of devices that
traditionally has seen
hardware shipped
to a centralised CBD
location for image
installation.
Desktop Factory
Imaging demonstrates
Cenitex’s committment
to improving IT
outcomes for the
Victorian public and
our customers.
Desktop PCs and Notebooks
delivered direct to users ready
for sign in
Why Desktop Factory Imaging?
80 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
www.cenitex.vic.gov.au


Targeted security training
delivered directly to your staff.
Government Office Phish (GO Phish) is an Ethical Mail Phishing
education and training service tailored by Cenitex to suit the
unique needs of our customers.
Reduce the risk of reputational and fiscal harm by educating
staff about the dangers of malicious emails and provide
practical information on how to identify and treat them.
GO Phish gives your staff with a safe environment to develop
the skills necessary to become ‘human firewalls’ and keep your
business safe.
GO Phish
80 Collins Street,
Melbourne VIC 3000
www.cenitex.vic.gov.au
Features
 Unlimited campaigns
throughout subscription
period
 Adjust the level of
complexity targeted based
on user needs.
 Select training phishing
emails from templates or
create your own.
 Annual service cost is fixed
for subscription duration.
 Flexibile service bundles
catered to your needs.
Run your own campaigns
or have Cenitex manage
them for you, with optional
communications support
available for each bundle.
Service offer
 Basic - self managed
account giving you control
over your campaigns
 Managed - Campaign
management, reporting and
onboarding done for you
 Communications - tailored
campaign support
Find out more
Email or call your Account
Manager or our Business
Development Manager.
SECURITY
Why GO Phish?
97% of phishing emails contain ransomeware
Government Ready – Vendor engagement, procurement and
legislative requirements are built into the service.
Increase Uptime – Make ‘human firewalls’ by improving staff
awareness and knowledge of security threats. Reduce the
number of security incidents and associated downtime.
On Demand Education - Computer Based Training modules
are delivered directly to staff when they click on imitation
phishing links.
End to End Support - Cenitex provides a fully managed
service with first and second level support. Help is only a
phone call away.
Real Time Reporting – Tailor training to best suit the needs
of your staff in reponse to live campaign data. View progress
markers that matter to you with the dynamic dashboard.

Real Time Threat
Management
Real Time Threat Management (RTTM) safeguards you against
security threats to your information, ICT service confidentiality,
integrity and availability. The Security Operations Centre at the
heart of RTTM brings together expertise and tools.
Global Collaboration - Comprehensive security intelligence
and threat analysis summaries that review internet threat
activity across the globe.
Enhanced Risk Management - Effective incident
management, incident escalation and rapid response to
outbreaks by dedicated security engineers, using advanced
query and analysis tools.
Stay Informed - Threat analysis and incident response
support during the identification, investigation, response
and containment, rectification, restart and monitoring of
an incident. This includes detection, triage, logging and
escalation.
Esay to use Reporting - See enterprise, work group and device
levels of activity in customisable and easy to use reporting
tool.
Government Ready – Vendor engagement, procurement and
legislative requirements are built into the service.
Find out more
Contact your Account
Manager or our Business
Development Manager
Service Offer
RTTM is tailored to the
specific requirements of
your environment.
Features
Improved security
posture for your
Department or Agency
 Enhanced protection
of information assets.
Minimise impact on
business operations and
reduce risk
 Rapid identification,
prioritisation and
response to policy
breaches, cyber-security
attacks and insider
threats.
24x7 event management with
real-time expert security
analysis keeps your environment
ahead of evolving risks
Why Real Time Threat Management?
80 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
www.cenitex.vic.gov.au
SECURITY
Certifications
 AS/NZS 27001
 ASIO T4
 ISO/IEC27001:2005
 Defence Signals
Directorate (DSD)
certified gateway up to
protected classification
level and PCI DSS.


Smart Guard
Smart Guard is your strongest line of defence on the web.
Now your users are protected with enterprise-level security over
any internet connection—including locations with a dedicated
internet connection—and on any device.
So no matter what device your users choose to work on—
workstations, laptops, mobiles—they are fully protected when
accessing internet content on both corporate issued and BYO
devices.
By leveraging the power of the cloud, Smart Guard blocks
malicious internet threats on all your users’ devices, providing
you with robust security anywhere in the world.
Work securely, where you want, when you want—on any device.
Work smarter with Smart Guard.
 Accessible — Can be used over any internet service including
corporate internet only services providing direct connections
to the internet or cloud. Available to new or existing
customers and with any communications carrier.
 One Solution — Protects all your corporate devices and your
users’ personal devices over the internet: anywhere, anytime.
 Global Protection — Provides users with always-on web
filtering security that will follow them around the globe.
 Mobile Security — Users’ mobile devices will benefit from
the same level of protection and security features as your
corporate workstations.
Web protection for all your
devices—wherever you are
Why Smart Guard?
80 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
www.cenitex.vic.gov.au
Features
 Security – Provides URL
content filtering, firewall,
anti-virus, file type
control, SSL inspection
and advanced threat
detection.
 Flexibility – Scales
easily to your changing
business requirements.
 Cost effective – Provides
a fully integrated
government service
at the same cost as
comparable market
offerings.
 Governance – Meets the
security requirements for
Vic Gov web protection.
Service Offer
 Fully managed service.
 Ongoing management
and technical support—
including level 1 and
level 2.
Find out more
Contact your Account
Manager or our Business
Development Manager.
SECURITY
Smart Guard
What is Smart Guard?
Smart Guard is a cloud-based platform between your user and the internet, ensuring user
website requests are only to permitted destinations. Smart Guard also inspects traffic to ensure
no malicious content is delivered.
How does Smart Guard work?
Smart Guard applies your corporate web content policy whenever your users access the internet
from their corporate mobile devices, ensuring protection against malicious websites.
Can I use Smart Guard?
Yes, the service is available to all Cenitex customers and can also be purchased by non-Cenitex
customers as well.
Do I need to upgrade or change anything to use Smart Guard?
No, a Smart Guard application will be delivered to your Smart Guard users’ devices (e.g. their
workstation or smart devices) providing access to the Smart Guard platform. The Smart Guard
application supports Windows 7, 8.1 and 10. Apple and Android devices are also supported.
Smart Guard users at locations with dedicated internet connections will automatically access
the Smart Guard platform via the application.
How much does Smart Guard cost?
A one-off establishment fee will apply. Please speak to your Account Manager. The on-going
price is $58 per user per annum ex. GST.
How do I get Smart Guard?
Your account team will raise a managed service request and prepare your department or agency
to use Smart Guard.
Frequently asked questions
SECURITY

VicCloud Protect
VicCloud Protect is a purpose-built highly secure service that
offers up to Protected level controls in Microsoft Azure.
Part of the VicCloud suite of services, VicCloud Protect is highly
resilient, built on a software defined network and part of our
ongoing commitment to a secure, efficient, digital government.
Confidently deploy solutions with trusted controls, processes
and automation.
 Enhanced cloud security - Protect the integrity of your
applications and data in the cloud with active security,
compliance monitoring, real time alerts and the option to host
in Canberra*.
 Increased digitisation - Transition to a digital government
with confidence using VicCloud Protect. Reduce your reliance
on physical infrastructure and on-premise security controls.
 Detailed reporting - Comprehensive reporting and auditing
with in-depth logs available on request*. VicCloud Protect
offers auditing capability for existing workloads to increase
your security posture.
 Built-in redundancy - High Availability (HA) across Melbourne
and Sydney regions.
 Tailored service solutions – We will work with you to tailor a
solution that meets your business needs.
Find out more
Contact your Cenitex
Account Manager
Security levels
• Protected
• Official DLM
• Enhanced security
Features
• Complies with the
Australian Cyber Security
Centre (ACSC) guidelines
up to Protected level
information
• Complies with the
Office of the
Victorian Information
Commissioner’s (OVIC)
Victorian Protection
Data Security Framework
up to Protected level
information
• Comprehensive cloud
security controls
• Access to ASD certified
Azure services and
platform offerings
• Monthly environment
reviews to ensure
compliance
Supporting a secure and
resilient digital government
Why VicCloud Protect?
VICCLOUD
* Additional charges may apply


What is VicCloud Protect?
VicCloud Protect is Cenitex’s newest security
service within the VicCloud environment that
enables our customers to increase the security
posture of their applications. Developed in
collaboration with Microsoft and oobe, VicCloud
Protect will allow customers to consume a
number of Azure services and platform offerings
with enhanced security configurations.
How secure is VicCloud Protect?
VicCloud Protect has three enhanced platform
security configurations:
• Enhanced security
• Official DLM (based on Australian Signals
Directorate guidelines)
• Protected (based on Australian Signals
Directorate guidelines)
What is the first step?
VicCloud Protect operates on a joint responsibility
model. Cenitex will work closely with you to ensure
your applications and data are properly protected.
However, it is the responsibility of customers, as
information owners, to classify the data to ensure
it is properly protected.
Why does my business need
VicCloud Protect?
VicCloud Protect offers an impressive range
of features.
• Enhanced Cloud Security - Increased platform
security for business and application data hosting.
• Detailed Reporting - Comprehensive monthly
reporting and auditing is available with the
capability of providing in-depth auditing logs on
request. Existing workloads benefit from the extra
auditing capabilities—highlighting risks to help
increase your security posture.
• Governance Support - Clearly defined policies,
controls and standards ensure that monitoring
and compliance is clear and simple and
customers’ configurations adhere to their
corporate and government policies.
• Consume with ease - We make it simple for our
customers to consume the service and integrate
their existing (and future) IT infrastructure.
• Increased Digitisation - Customers can speed
their transition to a digital government by
reducing their physical data and on-premises
security controls, equipment and infrastructure.
• Built-in Redundancy - Built-in High Availability
(HA) capabilities between our Melbourne and
Sydney data centres.
• Cost effective - Customers can access enhanced
levels of security in the cloud cheaper than if they
were to buy/develop this individually.
VicCloud Protect, our most
secure configuration, meets the
Australian Signals Directorate,
the Australian Cyber Security
Centre (ACSC) guidelines, and
the Victorian Protective Data
Security Framework (VPDSF)
controls for “Protected”
at a platform level
VICCLOUD
How does VicCloud Protect work?
Customers assess their current applications
and identify those that require one of the three
enhanced security configurations.
Cenitex quickly and simply deploys individual
workloads or subscriptions within our newly
configured Azure security environments: Enhanced
security, Official DLM or Protected.
Enhanced security controls, processes and
automations encapsulate and protect our
customers’ cloud presence whilst maintaining the
security and integrity of their systems and data at
the platform level.
What doesn’t VicCloud Protect
cover?
VicCloud Protect is a platform and does not cover
customer education, procedures or processes.
If my business has VicCloud Protect,
will all my applications and data in
the cloud be verified as “Protected”?
No. Not all Microsoft Azure services have been
certified. At the highest level, VicCloud Protect
certifies the relevant platform configuration
settings as adhering to the “Protected” level as
certified by the ACSC and meeting the guidelines of
the VPDSF controls for up to “Protected”.
VicCloud Protect operates on a shared
responsibility model and is one part of your overall
security posture and practices, which also includes
assessments of security risks and controls.
Having a cloud platform configured for additional
security does not automatically ensure your data
and applications are fully protected end to end. For
example, methods of accessing VicCloud Protect
via unsecured mobile phones may result in a lower
protection level for your data.
What will work in VicCloud Protect
and what are the pathways?
Pathways to the VicCloud Protect platform include
new and transitional workloads from existing
Cenitex managed environments.
Additional network or operating system controls
may be required for the application to operate as
intended. If enabling these controls goes against
those recommended by the ASD guidelines, the
customer will need to accept the risk or reassess
which VicCloud Protect offering they wish to
consume.
What are the Service Level
Agreements for VicCloud Protect?
Service Level Agreements will be in line with the
VicCloud Azure offering under the Victorian
Government Enterprise Agreement.
What does VicCloud Protect cost?
The pricing model is aligned to the current VicCloud
offering. All workloads built in Azure will benefit
from Cenitex’s 8% discount from Microsoft that is
passed on to customers.
When will VicCloud Protect be
available?
The service is available now as a Catalogue item.
Want to know more?
Existing customers please contact your Cenitex
Account Manager.
All other enquiries, contact Andy Tran,
Business Development Manager 0436 641 985
or by email andy.tran@cenitex.vic.gov.au
VICCLOUD


As the main provider of ICT infrastructure and
services to the Victorian Government, Cenitex is a
key partner in helping address rapidly increasing
cyber threats and keeping government information
and Victorians cyber safe.
The demand for digital services continues to
increase as does the need to protect data in an
increasingly complex and hostile environment.
In response, Cenitex has developed VicCloud
Protect, the newest addition to the VicCloud suite of
services in the Microsoft Azure platform. Protect has
been designed and developed with Microsoft and
their Gold partner oobe from the ground up.
Why Azure? Azure obtained certification in April
2018 to Protected level – the first cloud platform
to achieve this. oobe’s Perimeta tool extends
the Microsoft certified capability out to include
customer controls using a dedicated gateway hub,
to take advantage of the full potential of the Azure
cloud, and manages the control, policies, logging,
monitoring and reporting required to make this a
Protected environment.
The VicCloud Protect service provides resilience by
spanning the Azure Melbourne and Sydney regions
with an option to host in Canberra.
With Protect you can confidently deploy solutions
knowing that controls, processes and automation
are in place to protect the integrity of your systems
and keep your data safe and secure in the cloud.
Protect has been built to meet both the Australian
Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) guidelines and the
Victorian Protective Data Security Framework.
Whether you are aiming to host information to a
particular classification standard or if you just want
to enhance specific security features, Protect has
the capability to meet your needs.
Protect is available at 3 tiers, Protected, Official
Dissemination Limiting Markers (DLM) and
Enhanced (targeting specific controls).
Protect has in-depth logging and monitoring at
unprecedented levels for VicGov, is constantly
maintained to the highest of standards, and
contains monthly environment reviews to ensure
compliance with the security profile defined at
establishment.
What do I get with VicCloud Protect?
• Network architecture that has secure, scalable
and agile network topology
• An adaptable policy framework aligned to ACSC
with risk and data focused policies and ongoing
compliance monitoring
• A CloudAdmin model with administrative identity
management framework that has an agile,
scalable Role Based Access Control model and
Multi-Factor Authentication and Conditional
Access
• Security logging and monitoring with policy
integrated security logging and alerts, access for
authorised security personnel and integration
with SIEM
• A full document suite operations, process,
management and security
• A range of support and maintenance
Protect operates on a joint responsibility model. We
will work closely with you to design a solution to best
fit your specific needs and ensure your data and
applications are properly protected.
Protect is ready today and pricing will be available
to our customers through the Cenitex service
catalogue. Protect gives the Victorian Government
a powerful weapon in the fight against serious cyber
security threats.
VicCloud Protect
VICCLOUD

S E RV I C E
MANAGEMENT
Call 1800 020 140 and dial 0
Priority support for your IT needs
VIP Support
Business hours
support
VIP Support service
is available from
8am to 6pm, Monday
to Friday, excluding
Melbourne public
holidays.
Calls outside of
standard business
hours receive best
effort until the next
standard business
day.
When you request something new, we provide
resolution within one business day.
When something goes wrong or breaks, we provide
resolution within one hour.
If we can’t resolve your case over the phone, we will
send a support person to your location.
You will receive a single point of contact, to
manage your case through to completion.
Need more support?
Contact VIP support and ask to speak to a
Manager.
To escalate further, contact your Cenitex Service
Delivery Manager.


Working with us
Cenitex is a Victorian Government State Owned
Enterprise providing shared ICT services across
government.
Cenitex was established in 2008 as part of the government’s vision to provide increased
efficiencies and cost savings to government departments and agencies. As a shared service
provider, we achieve this through reducing the duplication of resources, providing broad and indepth expertise, increasing collaboration capabilities and harnessing the power of aggregated
buying by creating a single shared ICT service. One of key benefits of working with Cenitex is
that we know government inside out because we are government.
As a customer-driven organisation, we are firmly focused on continuous service improvement
and creating and adding shared value for the departments and agencies we partner with.
Our customer promise is simple:
• Great service that meets your needs in a responsive, flexible and timely manner
• Continuous innovation so you will always have the best and most up to date technology
available to work smarter, faster, better
• A commitment to cyber security through a highly reliable and secure technology platform
• Value for money without compromising on high quality service delivery
To purchase services from Cenitex, a public sector body and Cenitex enter into a Memorandum
of Understanding (MOU) which sets out the arrangements relating to services, fees, service
levels, governance arrangements and the respective roles and responsibilities of the parties.
The MOU is between intra-government agencies and it is not intended to constitute a legally
binding contractual agreement. Nonetheless, the expectation is that the parties should comply
with the terms and the spirit of the MOU. As Cenitex is a shared services provider to many public
sector bodies, the terms of the MOU are similar for all customers to enable Cenitex to develop
and roll out new services across all customers in a standard and consistent manner.
Cenitex is governed by a Board of Directors and sits in the Department of Treasury and Finance
Portfolio reporting to the Assistant Treasurer.