11 x Cenitex Bulletins

Cenitex Bulletin 
25/09/2019


Reminder—Grand final lunch tomorrow
People & Capability


Don’t forget to wear your footy team’s colours tomorrow and to come by for our lunchtime extravaganza!
Time:            12:30pm - 2pm
Location:      Level 15 kitchen area 
Dress code:  Your beloved team colours

There will be party pies, sausage rolls and vegetarian rolls to feast on … Gold coin donation.


Cenitex Bulletin 
25/09/2019


Morning teas with Frances
Communications Team


As mentioned in yesterday’s Chief’s Corner update, over the coming weeks our CEO, Frances Cawthra, is inviting our people on each level to a morning tea.

This will be a great chance to hear from Frances, ask any questions … and eat muffins!

The first is taking place next week for the teams on Level 13.

When: 10–11 am, Monday 30 September
Where: Level 13 near the Fortify Kanban stand up area

We hope to see you there!





Christmas Holiday Period
Tony Duras


Cenitex will have a Christmas closedown from Christmas Day, Wednesday 25 December 2019 to Thursday 2 January 2020 inclusive (9 days). 
 
This is an ideal time to take a break, recharge our batteries and enjoy the festive season and time with loved ones.

A skeleton staff will be required to maintain services so please speak to your manager about your leave plans and the needs of your team. 
 
Please note, employees not working on the following four days will be required to utilise their annual leave, long service leave or accrued time in lieu:

•	Friday 27 December 2019 
•	Monday 30 December 2019
•	Tuesday 31 December 2019 
•	Thursday 2 January 2020 
 
Should you require further clarification please contact your People Business Partner.

Cenitex Bulletin 
24/09/2019


Wear your footy colours Thursday!
People & Capability


We’re hosting a grand final lunch on Thursday in the lead up to Saturday’s big game. There will be party pies, sausage rolls and vegetarian rolls to snack on …

Time: 12:30pm - 2pm
Location: Level 15 kitchen area 
Dress code: Your beloved team colours

Gold coin donation





Spam alert
ITSA


There are ‘Business Connective’ spam emails circulating. The spam is asking the user to respond if they are still at this email address.
This is an attempt at social engineering (there are no embedded malware attachments or malware links in this email).

Please DO NOT reply to the email in question.

Instead, select in the toolbar ‘Report Message’ to delete the email immediately and auto notify ITSA and Microsoft.
Call the IT Service Centre immediately if you think you may have been affected.

Potential impact
Potential increased spam emails for users who reply.

Example email:

Chief Executive Bulletin 
20/09/2019


Appointments to the new structure
Frances Cawthra


Dear Colleagues,

After an intensive period of interviewing, we are close to finalising delivery roles in the new Infrastructure Services and Workplace and Applications Services business units. 

While recruitment activity continues, I am pleased to announce the following appointments to the new organisation structure. 

Infrastructure Services
General Manager Infrastructure Services, Strategy and Solutions, Patrick Carson
General Manager Infrastructure Services, Delivery, Tony Lombardozzi
Hosting IaaS Team Lead, Deepak Malhotra 
Hosting Platform Services Team Lead, Eva Tullah 
Storage and Unix Team Lead —Anup Albal

Workplace and Applications Services
General Manager Workplace and Applications Services, Delivery, Atta Javaid
Field and Remote Support Team Lead, Peter Kotsiris
Applications and Platform Team Lead, Heath Woodlee
Collaboration Services Team Lead, Sebastian Failla
Managed Workplace Team Lead, George Sfirlas

Customer Engagement
General Manager Customer Engagement, Bill Tsiakos


Please join me in congratulating our colleagues on their new roles and in making their transition a smooth one in the coming weeks.

Other appointments are still being finalised with further announcements to be made next week.

Cenitex Bulletin 
20/09/2019


Transition e-news #2
Richard Castle


The second edition of Transition e-news features the structure transition timeline, the hypercare support for critical functions, the transition of Fortify technology support into BAU and details of the Digital Workplace roll out. 

 

Cenitex Transition e-news #2

Transition to our new structure is now well and truly underway. Transition will see people change their reporting lines, take up new roles and Cenitex will establish two new delivery busine…
Go to this Sway

Cenitex Bulletin 
19/09/2019


Resilience Awareness training & Public Speaking Practice group—Book now!
People and Capability


Places are available for Resilience Awareness Training on 15 October and 13 November (9 am–12.00 pm) and the Public Speaking Practice Group on 26 September, 23 October, 29 November and 18 December (12–1pm). 

Resilience Training:

This course introduces tools and techniques to assist in managing yourself so that ‘bouncing back’ in times of change is easier. Building resilience also enhances overall wellbeing and helps create a positive work and home environment. 

Participant quotes from the program—'Fantastic training', 'Personally helped me a lot', 'Very useful training', and 'The more people being resilient, the better the work environment and collaboration'. 
 
Please consult with your manager and book through My Pathway ASAP to secure your spot.

Public Speaking Practice Group:

Are you looking to improve your public speaking? The Cenitex public speaking practice group welcomes every staff member who would like to feel more confident speaking up at meetings, learn about making a speech, and have fun at the same time. 

Book your spot through My Pathway now!

Cenitex Bulletin 
16/09/2019


Digital Workplace rollout
Hasnain Razwi


The new Digital Workplace desktop service, which replaces our current Standard Desktop service, will begin a staged rollout across Cenitex in the coming weeks.

After completing user experience testing within the Program Fortify team, a pilot group will be onboarded this week and supported for two weeks. The pilot group will act as Champion users and will be the first point of contact for their teams.

Program Fortify will then roll out Digital Workplace to teams in the following order over an eight to ten-week period:

•	Executive Leadership Team
•	People and Capability
•	Strategy and Governance
•	Finance and Business Services
•	Customer Engagement
•	Infrastructure Services, Workplace & Applications Services, Service Management including the IT Service Centre.

Program Fortify is combining the rollout with the device refresh project. Those who qualify for a new device will be enrolled in Digital Workplace with a new laptop. You will be notified of your enrolment date and given instructions on how to back up your data and bookmarks well in advance of your enrolment.

For our pilot phase, we are trialling an enrolment pod where people can book a time to enrol in Digital Workplace and be shown how to use the service. If this turns out well, we will use enrolment pods for the rest of Cenitex.

The Digital Workplace service will enable you to access all your current applications and services, including Lotus Notes-based services, from your corporate device, wherever you are connected to the internet.  If you use your corporate device to work off-site or from home, you can securely access all your services via an internet connection. Digital Workplace users will no longer need to use Go Connect to access the corporate network and all its services when you work off-site.

If you would like to get in touch, please email: digitalworkplace@cenitex.vic.gov.au.

Cenitex Bulletin 
13/09/2019


Requesting Bulletin Articles
Communications Team


To help avoid clogging up your inboxes and save your reading time, we aim to send one daily Bulletin each morning—collating those received the previous day.

So please request your announcements at least one day in advance of publication.

‘Immediate Bulletins’ should only be requested for critical or urgent messages that cannot be planned for.

More Bulletin tips are available on the intranet here … But here’s a short summary:

•	Announcements should be relevant to all staff
•	Announcements should be as brief as possible
           You may link to the intranet or SharePoint for more detailed information (e.g. attachments, images, PDFs, etc.) 


Need help? Please contact the team at: bulletin.board@cenitex.vic.gov.au

Chief Executive Bulletin 
11/09/2019


Confirmation of transition dates to the new structure
Frances Cawthra


Dear Colleagues,

It is an important time for the organisation as we move to doing business differently. We have already achieved great successes in transitioning our technology and after many months of planning, I am really pleased to share the key dates for transitioning to our new structure.

Transition will see people change their reporting lines, take up new roles, establish two new delivery divisions and the update of financial and business support systems to reflect the new structure. 

The key milestones are: 

Tranche 1, 16 September—teams / roles with minimal change 

These teams are the Project Management Office, Service Management and Service Assurance who will report to Customer Engagement, while reporting roles will move into Finance and Business Services.

Tranche 2, 14 October—teams involved in the delivery of our service lines

This is where people take up their new roles in the new Infrastructure Services and Workplace and Application Services divisions. People will move from Service Operations and Project Delivery into these new divisions.

Tranche 3, 31 October—teams involved in strategy and solution design of our services

The final change will be people moving to new roles in Service Strategy and Solutions in the Infrastructure Services and Workplace and Application Services divisions.


There are a number of additional key roles that are currently being recruited and will be included in the transition planning as people are appointed. Impacted staff who have not secured a role in the new structure, will enter the redeployment program from 1 October. 

Key function working groups will get together in the latter half of September to plan for the transition and change. Sessions will be held throughout October to provide everyone with appropriate training so you are fully competent in your role and responsibilities. 

Operational systems, such as Remedy, ESS, and GIPS will be updated to reflect the new structure from 14 October. Financial systems (cost centres, chart of accounts, Navision, Dynamics, etc.) will transition on 1 November. The seating transition will take place 11 November.

I appreciate there will be questions. Nav Pillia and the Fortify Transition team will be providing a lot more detail via Yammer, Transition e-news, posters, videos and the New Structure Transition SharePoint site.

This is both an exciting and challenging time as we work to embed the benefits of Program Fortify. To make our transition successful we need your continued support, expertise and commitment to set our platform for the future. 

I thank each of you in advance for your support and your continued focus during the transition to deliver for our customers each and every day.


Cenitex Bulletin 
10/09/2019


R U OK? Day morning tea
Sharon Ryan


Come along to a free morning tea this Thursday to support R U OK? Day.

We believe that asking, "Are you ok?" is something we can all do to make a difference.

When:   Thursday 12 September at 10 am
Where:  Level 14 kitchen

What’s happening:
•	Enjoy a yummy morning tea
•	Try out the Benestar wellbeing portal
•	Learn how to ask "are you ok?" 
•	Wear a splash of yellow to show your support

We hope to see you there!


Cenitex Bulletin 
30/07/2019


Construction update - Lighting of Ground Floor Lobby
Dean McGregor


From Wednesday 31 July to Tuesday 6 August between 9.00pm and 2.00am there will be no access to the ground floor at 80 Collins St, while lighting is installed.

Due to the works involving electricity, there will be no access to the ground floor from 9.00pm onwards.

After-hours access to 80 Collins from 9.00pm will be maintained via Little Collins Street, however we recommend non-essential work be rescheduled. The Exhibition Street entrance will be closed and signage will re-direct staff to Little Collins Street for access into the building.

If you need to work during this time please contact Dean McGregor for more information.